Something's going on here.
Come over here quickly
Go down now dad
I'll go first. OK.
Go ahead but remember
Only Xuanlong Tie's people are the hall lords
Make no mistake. Okay.
Ye Tianci called me
People also called
There will be a good show later
Young Master, we are already late
It is better to contact the poor households directly to send it.
Let's deal with these two dogs first
1,400 I suggest you keep your mouth clean
Who are you talking about?
What are you doing?
Zhang Shao, you can count Ye Tian Temple here.
Holding a fake invitation
Pet into the venue
Zhang Shao is this
Report this to me too
Did I ask you to mix food and drink?
I can't handle this well.
You can also go in and meet the shopkeeper in the province
What are you doing?
The owner will be here soon.
Hurry up and drive this trash back to me
Did Ye Tianci hear?
What are you still doing?
People are also called
But Mr. Zhang doesn't recognize your invitation letter
Go away